# Chalagente v1

Next.js deployed to Cloudflare.

## v1.1
We're going to use WhatsMeow for the WhatsApp interface, just as a proof of concept.

Therefore we need a flow where:
- we (the 'business') scan a QR code generated by WhatsMeow
- that creates a 'linked device', for which we store the credentials
- the 'customer' sends a message to the number associated with the linked device
- the 'customer' receives a hardcoded response

Given that the frontend is a Next.js app, either we need to nuke the Next app and just have a single Go app, or we need a monorepo where the WhatsMeow and frontend communicate over HTTP. For simplicity let's go for a single Go app that wraps WhatsMeow.


## v1.2 Demo mode
Currently the application relies on a real WhatsMeow connection. But this holds any progress back behind
- We need a 'demo mode' at /demo that displays a mocked WhatsApp interface. At /demo/bot you can send messages (text, audio, images, video) from the other side of the conversation.

## v1.3 Introduce a core agent
So far we can send messages backwards and forwards, both on WhatsApp and on the demo. But now we want to introduce an agent to do the responding.
- Use the [Pi](https://pi.dev/) agent to give responses.
- Wire up Pi to the appropriate tools (ElevenLabs, custom Make workflows). That way it should be able to return multilingual voice notes and invoke specialised workflows.

## v1.4 Landing page (basic)

Okay, so we need a landing page for this service. It needs to be modern high quality SaaS style. The service works by responding to your customers' questions about your business and it works through WhatsApp. And it has a AI agent in the background.

## v1.5 Hardcoded responses
No matter what the user sends, in a single session (you decide how that is determined -- although we need a button on the admin page to force a new 'session') then we should go through the hardcoded responses in `docs/v1.5_responses.md` in order.

## v1.6 Audio responses
When the user sends an audio file (a voice note) then respond with the `.mp3s` in order.
